Document OS compatibility restrictions for extensions (#422)
php/pie: docs/extension-maintainers.md

   * `{ExtensionName}-{Version}.tgz` (this is intended for backwards
     compatibility with PECL packages)

##### `os-families` restrictions

The `os-families` and `os-families-exclude` directive allow extention maintainers
to restrict the Operating System compatibility.

 * `os-families` An array of OS families to mark as compatible with the extension.
   (e.g. `"os-families": ["windows"]` for an extension only available on Windows)
 * `os-families-exclude` An array of OS families to mark as incompatible with the
   extension. (e.g. `"os-families-exclude": ["windows"]` for an extension cannot
   be installed available on Windows)

The list of accepted OS families: "windows", "bsd", "darwin", "solaris", "linux",
"unknown"

> > Note: only once of `os-families` and `os-families-exclude` can be defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> Only one of `os-families` and `os-families-exclude` can be defined.
```
